Introduce docs about BlobStorage performance metrics (#2509)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/observability/metrics/grafana-dashboards.md

| Other | Other metrics |

Download the [datashard.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ydb-platform/ydb/refs/heads/main/ydb/deploy/helm/ydb-prometheus/dashboards/datashard.json) file with the **DataShard** dashboard.

## Distributed Storage performance metrics {#ds-performance}

> Performance metrics for Distributed Storage, read more in this article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance metrics for Distributed Storage. For more information, see [{#T}](distributed-storage-performance.md).
```

| Name | Description | Units |
|---|---|---|

> | DiskTimeAvailable and total Cost relation | The relation of the request flow total cost to the available disk time. If the TotalCost line is above the DiskTimeAvailable line, then the load flow exceeds the allowed limit | arbitrary units |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DiskTimeAvailable and total Cost relation | The relation of the total cost of the requests to the available disk time. If the TotalCost line is above the DiskTimeAvailable line, then the load exceeds the allowed limit | arbitrary units |
```

> | Cost by source | The total cost of the request flow by load source | arbitrary units |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cost by source | The total cost of requests by load source | arbitrary units |
```
